Move autoboot steps to autoboot section (#204)
hacks-guide/Guide-WiiU: docs/user-guide/tiramisu/autoboot.md

1. You will be asked if you want to switch the boot title. Press A to select `Switch to PayloadLoader`.
1. When the process finished, press A to shutdown the console.
1. The PayloadLoader will now be launched automatically on every boot.

> We are now going to make the Tiramisu environment start everytime you launch the Health and Safety Information app and select Wii U Menu as the default boot title as well as getting additional homebrew apps.

Reviewer: copy paste much? :p
```suggestion
We are now going to make the Tiramisu environment start every time you boot the console, as long as set the default boot title to Wii U Menu.
```

Author: Shit I forgot to change that
